---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/geode/never-pawz/website/never-pawz-terms-of-service/","created":"2026-06-27T17:14:13.673-05:00","updated":"2026-07-09T21:14:19.912-05:00","dg-note-properties":{"Updated":"2026-06-25T16:28:00","tags":null}}
---

The terms of this agreement ("Terms of Service") govern the relationship between you and Never Pawz LLC, a US company (business ID 1555388) having its registered office with the MS Secretary of State (hereinafter "Never Pawz" or "Us" or "We") regarding your use of Never Pawz' games, sites and related services (the "Service"). Use of the Service is also governed by Never Pawz [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Never Pawz Privacy Policy\|Never Pawz Privacy Policy]]. 

Before accessing or using the Service, including browsing any Never Pawz website or accessing a game, you must agree to these Terms of Service and the [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Never Pawz Privacy Policy\|Never Pawz Privacy Policy]]. A guest account may be created for you for the use of the Service, and you may also be required to register an account on the Service (collectively "Account"). By using or registering for an Account or otherwise using the Service, you affirm that you are the legal age of majority in your country of residence. If you are not, your legal guardian must review and agree to these Terms of Service.

BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE. USE OF THE SERVICE IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.

Never Pawz reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Service or its [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Never Pawz Privacy Policy\|Never Pawz Privacy Policy]] at any time by posting the amended terms on the Service. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Service. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of these policies, your right to use the Service shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Service.
## Use Limitations
Never Pawz reserves the right to determine what conduct it considers to be in violation of the rules of use or otherwise outside the intent or spirit of these Terms of Service or the Service itself. Never Pawz reserves the right to take action as a result, which may include terminating your Account and prohibiting you from using the Service in whole or in part.
## Suspension and Termination of Account and Service

WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER REMEDIES, NEVER PAWZ MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR PORTIONS THEREOF WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU (i) IF YOU ARE, OR NEVER PAWZ SUSPECTS THAT YOU ARE, FAILING TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE; OR (ii) FOR ANY ACTUAL OR SUSPECTED ILLEGAL OR IMPROPER USE OF THE SERVICE. YOU CAN LOSE YOUR USERNAME AND PERSONA IN THE SERVICE AS A RESULT OF ACCOUNT TERMINATION OR LIMITATION, AS WELL AS ANY BENEFITS, PRIVILEGES, EARNED VIRTUAL ITEMS AND PURCHASED VIRTUAL ITEMS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, AND NEVER PAWZ IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY SUCH LOSSES OR RESULTS.

WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OTHER REMEDIES, WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THE SERVICE AND ACCOUNTS OR PORTIONS THEREOF, PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES, AND THEIR CONTENT, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT, AND TAKE TECHNICAL AND LEGAL STEPS TO PREVENT USERS FROM ACCESSING THE SERVICE IF WE BELIEVE THAT THEY ARE CREATING RISK OR POSSIBLE LEGAL LIABILITIES, INFRINGING THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR ACTING INCONSISTENTLY WITH THE LETTER OR SPIRIT OF OUR TERMS OR  POLICIES. ADDITIONALLY, WE MAY, IN APPROPRIATE CIRCUMSTANCES AND AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS OF USERS WHO MAY BE REPEAT INFRINGERS OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

NEVER PAWZ RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE ANY ACCOUNT THAT HAS BEEN INACTIVE FOR 180 DAYS.

Never Pawz reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Service or a particular game or part of the Service at any time, at which point your right to use the Service or a part thereof will be automatically terminated. In such event, Never Pawz shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued Service. Termination of your Account can include disabling your access to the Service or any part thereof including any content you submitted or others submitted.

You may terminate your Account at any time and for any reason by informing Never Pawz that you wish to terminate your Account.
## Ownership
All rights, title and interest in and to the Service (including without limitation any games, titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, catch phrases, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, documentation, character profile information) are owned by Never Pawz. Never Pawz reserves all rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, in connection with its games and the Service.
## Login information and Your Account
You may be required to select a password for your Account, or you may also use other credentials to access the Account ("Login Information"). You shall not share the Account or the Login Information, nor let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Account. In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of the Login Information, you must immediately notify Never Pawz and modify your Login Information. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and you will be responsible for all uses of the Login Information, including purchases, whether or not authorized by you. You are responsible for anything that happens through your Account.

Never Pawz reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a username violates the third party's rights.
## User Interactions
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Service and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service and/or Never Pawz' games. Never Pawz reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. You will fully cooperate with Never Pawz to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent, or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting Never Pawz access to any password-protected portions of your Account.

If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
## Purchases 
PURCHASES MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE EXCEPT WHERE REQUIRED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. 
## Payment of Fees
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Never Pawz may revise the pricing for the Virtual Items offered through the Service at any time. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEVER PAWZ IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
## Updates to the Service
You understand that the Service is an evolving one. Never Pawz may require that you accept updates to the Service and to Never Pawz' games you have installed on your device or computer. You acknowledge and agree that Never Pawz may update the Service and Never Pawz games, with or without notifying you. You may need to update third party software from time to time in order to receive the Service and play Never Pawz games. 
## Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. NEVER PAWZ DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE GAME OR THE SERVICE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers may not apply to you.
## Limitation of Liability; Sole and Exclusive Remedy; Indemnification
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEVER PAWZ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (HOWEVER SUCH LOSSES ARE QUALIFIED), ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE SERVICE ITSELF, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT NEVER PAWZ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, NEVER PAWZ SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO NEVER PAWZ IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THE SIX (6) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANYTHING TO NEVER PAWZ DURING SUCH TIME PERIOD, YOUR SOLE REMEDY (AND NEVER PAWZ' EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY) FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH NEVER PAWZ IS TO STOP USING THE SERVICE AND TO CANCEL YOUR ACCOUNT. 

NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SERVICE SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF NEVER PAWZ OR FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF NEVER PAWZ.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Never Pawz harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Service, or any breach by you of these Terms of Service, however the foregoing does not apply if the infringement of rights is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
## Venue for Disputes
You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Never Pawz must be resolved exclusively by a federal or state court located in Desoto County Mississippi, or within the Northern District of Mississippi. You and Never Pawz consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in Desoto County Mississippi for all such claims or disputes.
## Attorneys' Fees and Collection Costs.
If Never Pawz initiates legal action to enforce these Terms, collect amounts owed by you, or remedy your breach of these Terms, and Never Pawz is the prevailing party, you agrees to reimburse Never Pawz for all reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, collection costs, and other expenses incurred in connection with such action, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
## Severability
You and Never Pawz agree that if any portion of these Terms of Service or of the [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Never Pawz Privacy Policy\|Never Pawz Privacy Policy]] is found illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part by any court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other manner or jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the terms, which shall continue to be in full force and effect.
## Notices
We may notify you via postings in our games, or via e-mail or any other communications means to contact information you provide to us. All notices given by you or required from you under these Terms of Service or [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Never Pawz Privacy Policy\|Never Pawz Privacy Policy]] should be sent through our methods of contact on [[Geode/Never Pawz/Website/Contact Us\|Contact Us]].